Upgrade network connection monitor from v1 to v2 (#8640)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/network_connection_monitor.html.markdown

      port = 80
    }
  }

  test_group {
    name                  = "exampletg"
    destination_endpoints = ["destination"]
    source_endpoints      = ["source"]
    test_configurations   = ["tcpName"]
    disable               = false
  }

  notes = "examplenote"

  output_workspace_resource_ids = [azurerm_log_analytics_workspace.example.id]

  depends_on = [azurerm_virtual_machine_extension.example]
}
```

## Arguments Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name which should be used for this Network Connection Monitor. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Required) The Azure Region where the Network Connection Monitor should exist. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `network_watcher_id` - (Required) The ID of the Network Watcher. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `endpoint` - (Required) A `endpoint` block as defined below.

* `test_configuration` - (Required) A `test_configuration` block as defined below.

* `test_group` - (Required) A `test_group` block as defined below.

---

* `notes` - (Optional) The description of the Network Connection Monitor.

> * `output_workspace_resource_ids` - (Optional) A list of the Log Analytics Workspace id that should be used for producing output into a Log Analytics for the Network Connection Monitor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `output_workspace_resource_ids` - (Optional) A list of IDs of the Log Analytics Workspace which will accept the output from the Network Connection Monitor.
```

Author: updated

* `virtual_machine_id` - (Optional) The ID of the Virtual Machine which is used as the endpoint by the Network Connection Monitor.

---

A `filter` block supports the following:

* `type` - (Optional) The behavior type of this endpoint filter. Currently the only allowed value is `Include`. Defaults to `Include`.

* `item` - (Optional) A `item` block as defined below.

---

A `item` block supports the following:

* `type` - (Optional) The type of items included in the filter. Possible values are `AgentAddress`. Defaults to `AgentAddress`.

* `address` - (Optional) The address of the filter item.

---

A `test_configuration` block supports the following:

* `name` - (Required) The name of test configuration for the Network Connection Monitor.

* `protocol` - (Required) The protocol used to evaluate tests. Possible values are `Tcp`, `Http` and `Icmp`.

* `test_frequency_in_seconds` - (Optional) The time interval in seconds at which the test evaluation will happen. Defaults to `60`.

* `http_configuration` - (Optional) A `http_configuration` block as defined below.

* `icmp_configuration` - (Optional) A `icmp_configuration` block as defined below.

> * `preferred_ip_version` - (Optional) The preferred IP version which is used in test evaluation. Possible values are `IPv4` and `IPv6`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `preferred_ip_version` - (Optional) The preferred IP version which is used in the test evaluation. Possible values are `IPv4` and `IPv6`. 
```

Author: updated

* `success_threshold` - (Optional) A `success_threshold` block as defined below.

* `tcp_configuration` - (Optional) A `tcp_configuration` block as defined below.

---

A `http_configuration` block supports the following:

* `method` - (Optional) The HTTP method for the HTTP request. Possible values are `Get` and `Post`. Defaults to `Get`.

> * `port` - (Optional) The port for the Http connection.

Reviewer: Can we insist on using HTTP (all capitalized) all over the document to be consistent?

Author: updated

> * `path` - (Optional) The path component of the URI. For instance, `/dir1/dir2`.

Reviewer: I guess there is no need to provide the example, as the path component of a URI is a well-known fact.

```suggestion
* `path` - (Optional) The path component of the URI.
```

Author: updated

* `prefer_https` - (Optional) Should https be preferred over http in cases where the choice is not explicit? Defaults to `false`.

* `request_header` - (Optional) A `request_header` block as defined below.

* `valid_status_code_ranges` - (Optional) The http status codes to consider successful. For instance, `2xx`, `301-304` and `418`.

---

A `request_header` block supports the following:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the HTTP header.

* `value` - (Required) The value of the HTTP header.

---

A `icmp_configuration` block supports the following:

> * `trace_route_disabled` - (Optional) Should path evaluation with trace route be disabled? Defaults to `false`.

Reviewer: Can we negate this to be `trace_route_enabled`, and change the logic to reflect this? Since it is more intuitive for users.

Author: updated

---

A `success_threshold` block supports the following:

* `checks_failed_percent` - (Optional) The maximum percentage of failed checks permitted for a test to be successful.

* `round_trip_time_ms` - (Optional) The maximum round-trip time in milliseconds permitted for a test to be successful.

---

A `tcp_configuration` block supports the following:

* `port` - (Required) The port for the Tcp connection.

> * `trace_route_disabled` - (Optional) Should path evaluation with trace route be disabled? Defaults to `false`.

Reviewer: Can we negate this to be `trace_route_enabled`, and change the logic to reflect this? Since it is more intuitive for users.

Author: updated

---

A `test_group` block supports the following:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the test group for the Network Connection Monitor.

* `destination_endpoints` - (Required) A list of destination endpoint names.

* `source_endpoints` - (Required) A list of source endpoint names.

> * `test_configurations` - (Required) A list of test configuration names.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `test_configuration_names` - (Required) A list of test configuration names.
```

Author: updated

Manages a Network Connection Monitor.

> ~> **NOTE:** The resource created via API version 2019-06-01 or lower is now deprecated and not compatible to this version.

Reviewer 2: could we link to the docs? and grammer
```suggestion
~> **NOTE:** Any Network Connection Monitor resource created with API versions 2019-06-01 or earlier (v1) are now incompatible with terraform which now only supports v2.
```

Author: updated

> ~> **NOTE:** Any Network Connection Monitor resource created with API versions 2019-06-01 or earlier (v1) are now incompatible with terraform which now only supports v2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
~> **NOTE:** Any Network Connection Monitor resource created with API versions 2019-06-01 or earlier (v1) are now incompatible with Terraform, which now only supports v2.
```

Author: updated

* `name` - (Required) The name which should be used for this Network Connection Monitor. Changing this forces a new Network Connection Monitor to be created.

* `location` - (Required) The Azure Region where the Network Connection Monitor should exist. Changing this forces a new Network Connection Monitor to be created.

* `network_watcher_id` - (Required) The ID of the Network Watcher. Changing this forces a new Network Connection Monitor to be created.

* `endpoint` - (Required) A `endpoint` block as defined below.

* `test_configuration` - (Required) A `test_configuration` block as defined below.

* `test_group` - (Required) A `test_group` block as defined below.

---

> * `notes` - (Optional) Any notes about the Network Connection Monitor.

Reviewer: Can we modify this statement a bit?

Author: This sentence is copied from existing resource.

Reviewer 2: Then could we fix this statement and apply the updated improved versinoit to where it was copied from?

Author: Sure. Updated the description for this property. For the others, I will update them in another separate PR.

> * `notes` - (Optional) The notes to be associated with the connection monitor.

Reviewer 2: name should be higher up for consistancy?

Author: updated

> * `output_workspace_resource_ids` - (Optional) A list of the log analytics workspace id.

Reviewer 2: incomplete, a list of the log analytics workspace id that ________

Author: updated

> * `output_workspace_resource_ids` - (Optional) A list of the log analytics workspace id that should be used for producing output into a log analytics.

Reviewer: Can we modify this statement a bit?

Author: updated

* `tags` - (Optional) A mapping of tags which should be assigned to the Network Connection Monitor.

---

A `endpoint` block supports the following:

> * `name` - (Required) The name of the connection monitor endpoint.

Reviewer: Can we capitalize the first letter of the resource type to be consistent (this applies to other parts)?

Author: updated

> * `address` - (Optional) The address of the connection monitor endpoint (IP or domain name).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `address` - (Optional) The IP address or domain name of the Network Connection Monitor endpoint.
```

Author: updated

* `filter` - (Optional) A `filter` block as defined below.

> * `virtual_machine_id` - (Optional) The ID of the virtual machine used as the endpoint by connection monitor.

Reviewer 2: grammer

Author: updated

> * `virtual_machine_id` - (Optional) The ID of the virtual machine which is used as the endpoint by connection monitor.

Reviewer: Can we capitalize the first letter of the resource type to be consistent?

Author: updated

---

A `filter` block supports the following:

> * `type` - (Optional) The behavior of the endpoint filter. Possible value is `Include`. Defaults to `Include`.

Reviewer 2: grammer
```suggestion
* `type` - (Optional) The behavior type of this endpoint filter. Currently the only allowed value is `Include`. Defaults to `Include`.
```

Author: updated

* `item` - (Optional) A `item` block as defined below.

---

A `item` block supports the following:

> * `type` - (Optional) The type of item included in the filter. Possible value is `AgentAddress`. Defaults to `AgentAddress`.

Reviewer 2: grammer
```suggestion
* `type` - (Optional) The type of items included in the filter. Possible values are `AgentAddress`. Defaults to `AgentAddress`.
```

Author: updated

* `address` - (Optional) The address of the filter item.

---

A `test_configuration` block supports the following:

> * `name` - (Required) The name of the connection monitor test configuration.

Reviewer: Can we capitalize the first letter of the resource type to be consistent?

Author: updated

> * `protocol` - (Required) The protocol to use in test evaluation. Possible values are `Tcp`, `Http` and `Icmp`.

Reviewer 2: grammer
```suggestion
* `protocol` - (Required) The protocol used to evaluate tests. Possible values are `Tcp`, `Http` and `Icmp`.
```

Author: updated

> * `test_frequency_sec` - (Optional) The frequency of test evaluation, in seconds. Defaults to `60`.

Reviewer 2: this propety should be
```suggestion
* `test_frequency_iin_seconds` - (Optional) The frequency of test evaluation, in seconds. Defaults to `60`.
```

Author: updated

> * `test_frequency_iin_seconds` - (Optional) The frequency of test evaluation, in seconds. Defaults to `60`.

Reviewer: Is double `i` here intended?

Author: updated

* `http_configuration` - (Optional) A `http_configuration` block as defined below.

* `icmp_configuration` - (Optional) A `icmp_configuration` block as defined below.

> * `preferred_ip_version` - (Optional) The preferred IP version to use in test evaluation. Possible values are `IPv4` and `IPv6`. 

Reviewer 2: grammer

Author: updated

* `success_threshold` - (Optional) A `success_threshold` block as defined below.

* `tcp_configuration` - (Optional) A `tcp_configuration` block as defined below.

---

A `http_configuration` block supports the following:

* `method` - (Optional) The HTTP method to use. Possible values are `Get` and `Post`. Defaults to `Get`.

* `port` - (Optional) The port to connect to.

> * `path` - (Optional) The path component of the URI. For instance, "/dir1/dir2".

Reviewer 2: correctly quote the example
```suggestion
* `path` - (Optional) The path component of the URI. For instance, `/dir1/dir2`.
```

Author: updated

* `prefer_https` - (Optional) Will https be preferred over http in cases where the choice is not explicit? Defaults to `false`.

* `request_header` - (Optional) A `request_header` block as defined below.

> * `valid_status_code_ranges` - (Optional) The http status codes to consider successful. For instance, "2xx, 301-304, 418".

Reviewer 2: correctly quote values

Author: updated

---

A `request_header` block supports the following:

> * `name` - (Required) The name in HTTP header.

Reviewer 2: grammer
```suggestion
* `name` - (Required) The name of the HTTP header.
```

Author: updated

> * `value` - (Required) The value in HTTP header.

Reviewer 2: grammer
```suggestion
* `value` - (Required) The value of the HTTP header.
```

Author: updated

---

A `icmp_configuration` block supports the following:

> * `disable_trace_route` - (Optional) Will path evaluation with trace route be disabled? Defaults to `false`.

Reviewer 2: we should always have disabled on the end of the property name
```suggestion
* `trace_route_disable` - (Optional) Will path evaluation with trace route be disabled? Defaults to `false`.
```

Author: updated

---

A `success_threshold` block supports the following:

> * `checks_failed_percent` - (Optional) The maximum percentage of failed checks permitted for a test to evaluate as successful.

Reviewer 2: grammer
```suggestion
* `checks_failed_percent` - (Optional) The maximum percentage of failed checks permitted for a test to be successful.
```

Author: updated

> * `round_trip_time_ms` - (Optional) The maximum round-trip time in milliseconds permitted for a test to evaluate as successful.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `round_trip_time_ms` - (Optional) The maximum round-trip time in milliseconds permitted for a test to be successful.
```

Author: updated

---

A `tcp_configuration` block supports the following:

* `port` - (Required) The port to connect to.

> * `disable_trace_route` - (Optional) Should path evaluation with trace route be disabled? Defaults to `false`.

Reviewer 2: we always end with enabled/disabled
```suggestion
* `trace_route_disabled` - (Optional) Should path evaluation with trace route be disabled? Defaults to `false`.
```

or even change it to `trace_route_enabled`

Author: updated

---

A `test_group` block supports the following:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the connection monitor test group.

> * `destinations` - (Required) A list of destination endpoint names.

Reviewer 2: would this be more clear as
```suggestion
* `destination_endpoints` - (Required) A list of destination endpoint names.
```

Author: updated
